Rif multisig switch and code snippet UI (#687)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/multisig/sdk/listing.md

    {:.snippet__parameters.snippet__parameters--lightgreen.border-bottom-0}

    ```ts
    const transactionHistory = await safeServiceClient.getMultisigTransactions(safeAddress)
    ```
    {:.snippet__code.snippet__code--lightgreen.border-top-0}

* Get the list of past transactions
    * As of June 2021, the `safe-service-client` package doesn't provide a method to retrieve all the **past** transactions, so we need to query the [Safe Transaction Service API](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-transaction-service) URL directly. 
    With the list of safe addresses previously retrieved, we need to collect all the **past** transactions for each safe address.

    ```ts
    const url = `${SAFE_TRANSACTION_SERVICE_URL}/api/v1/safes/${safe}/all-transactions/?queued=false&executed=true`;
    ```
    {:.snippet__code.snippet__code--lightgreen}

    So we could use the [axios package](https://github.com/axios/axios#axios) to fetch data.

    ```ts
    import axios from 'axios';

    const axiosResponse = await axios.get(url);
    const transactions = axiosResponse.data
    ```
    {:.snippet__code.snippet__code--lightgreen}

> **Important**: Since that the library is still in alpha version, all the methods afore mentioned don't allow to query transactions per page, and the default limit is set to 100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important**: Since the library is still in the alpha version, all the methods aforementioned don't allow to query transactions per page, and the default limit is set to 100.
```
